That's great, Sister Cher
Well, you can lend me your husband.
What!
No, Sister Cher, don't get me wrong.
I just want him to help me call my sick uncle
Do you know him?
You go and help him see you
You girl are not hands
Oh, Sister Cher, I'm not a child anymore.
When you held a wedding reception
I was also at that hotel
I was in a hurry to leave
Fortunately, your husband is here
Otherwise I'm done
go to bed
I think you got the wrong person
Where's my husband?
Although a young man
But he was an ordinary rural man.
Didn't even graduate from college
What not?
Why would I lie to you?
Be as powerful as you say
Why did I resist in the first place?
You don't know
If it weren't for my mother's death
I won't marry you
He and I are from two different worlds at all
It doesn't seem like it from you
I don't know why he can't lock me up
Can't get in touch with him
So I want to try my luck with you
Stinky girl
What do I think you're hearing about him?
Not after my husband
So happy
No.
So be it.
Tell my sister what his name is
Sister, help you find it.
He called the firefighters.
What's his name?